README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs(readme): updated README file

README.md, after:

# Daniel Cruz - Porfolio

Hello 🖐🏽, I'm Daniel Cruz, a Frontend developer focused on React library and Javascript technologies. I'm working on this new portfolio to show you my progress with different technologies like **React.js**, **Next.js**, **Typescript**, **Javascript in client side** (vanilla) and **Javascript in server side** (Express). And applied concepts like conventional commits, code conventions, composition, REST API's consuming and clean code.

In future, I'll add new content like personal projects or features like a CMS blog site...I'm still thinking about it 😉.

**When the site will be deployed, I leave the link in this README**

## Getting Started

Hello, only clone the repository and download the dependencies by npm command, then start the development server with the script **"dev"** as shown below:

```bash
$ npm i

$ npm run dev
# or
$ yarn dev
```

### If you want use conventional commits, I use commitizen

Only execute the next command with Node.js version 12.x

```bash
$ npx cz
```

## Info about this app

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).
